<!--
  This file was generated by emdaer

  Its template can be found at .emdaer/DOCUMENTATION.emdaer.md
-->

# Documentation

<!-- toc -->

- [Handler](#handler)
  * [constructor](#constructor)
  * [invoke](#invoke)
  * [init](#init)
  * [process](#process)
  * [cleanup](#cleanup)
  * [respond](#respond)
  * [startProfiling](#startprofiling)
  * [stopProfiling](#stopprofiling)
  * [always](#always)
  * [never](#never)
  * [defaultOptions](#defaultoptions)
  * [create](#create)
  * [shouldProfile](#shouldprofile)

<!-- tocstop -->

<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

## Handler

Provides common functionality for lambda handlers.

**Parameters**

-   `processor`  
-   `options`  
-   `event`  
-   `context`  
-   `callback`  

### constructor

-   **See: Handler.create()**

Constructs a handler.

NOTE: Normally handlers should be constructed using the Handler.create() method.

**Parameters**

-   `processor`  A function responsible for processing the handler event.
-   `options`  An object containing options which modify the behavior of the handler.
    -   `options.shouldProfile`  =Handler.never
          See Handler.create for detailed description.
    -   `options.waitForEventLoop`  =true
          See Handler.create for detailed description.
-   `event`  The event object passed to the lambda handler.
-   `context`  The context object passed to the lambda handler.
-   `callback`  The callback passed to the lambda handler used to respond to the
      invocation.

### invoke

Invoke the handler.

Returns **any** A promise of the completed invocation.

### init

Perform initialization tasks upon handler invocation.

### process

Perform the primary processing task for the handler.

Returns **any** The value to return as the response in the handler callback or a promise
  which resolves with it.

### cleanup

Perform cleanup tasks before responding.

### respond

Handle the response.

**Parameters**

-   `error`  The error passed from the handler process.
-   `response`  The response from the handler process.

### startProfiling

Start profiling.

### stopProfiling

Stop profiling.

### always

A utility method which always returns true.

Returns **any** Always returns true.

### never

A utility method which always returns false.

Returns **any** Always returns false.

### defaultOptions

The default options for the constructor.

### create

Creates an instance of a handler and returns a function to be used as a
lambda handler.

This can be used when defining the handler like this:

**Parameters**

-   `processor`  A function responsible for processing the primary task of the lambda. It
      receives the handler instance as an argument.
-   `options`  An object containing options which modify the behavior of the handler.
    -   `options.shouldProfile`  =Handler.never
          Provide a function which specifies whether profiling data should be
          collected for the handler invocation. Defaults to Handler.never which
          always returns false.  WARNING: Enabling profiling will impact performance. You should usually
          not enable this feature on production.
    -   `options.waitForEventLoop`  =true
          Specify whether the lambda process should be frozen immediately upon
          callback invocation.  WARNING: Changing this option can result in unexpected behavior and bugs
          that are difficult to track down. Only set this to false if you are
          certain there are no application critical tasks being performed
          asynchronously which may not be completed before you invoke the callback.
          For more information:
          <http://docs.aws.amazon.com/lambda/latest/dg/nodejs-prog-model-context.html>

**Examples**

```javascript
module.exports = {
  yourHandler: Handler.create(event => ({
    statusCode: 200,
    body: JSON.stringify({
      message: 'This handler was created with lambda-patterns!',
      input: event,
    }),
  })),
};
```

Returns **any** A function to be used as a lambda handler which utilizes an instance of
  the Handler class.

### shouldProfile

The default shouldProfile implementation.

**Parameters**

-   `handler`



